guides/sessions/role-groups.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Role Groups
**Role Groups** are the foundation of attendance at sessions. They are available to be given to one staff member and are arranged into groups. For example, you might have a role group named 'Cashier A' with 1 trainer and 3 assistants beneath it.

## Creating a Role Group
To create a Role Group, you need to go to Settings > Sessions > Roles, and click "**Create a group**". Once clicked, it will ask you to give it a name.

![](/img/hyra-rolegroup.png)

After giving it a name, you can now set how many roles does that group have? For example, let's say you need at least 2 spectators and 2 rankers in your Training Session, type "Spectator 1" and hit +.

![](/img/hyra-rolegroup2.png)

Repeat the process until you've added all of the roles that you want.

:::note
Please note that only **one person** can join the role. That means if you have added 4 Trainers, there will only be 4 trainers in the session.

![](/img/hyra-rolegroupwarn.png)
:::

## Deleting a Role Group
Deleting a Role Group is pretty simple, just hit **Delete** in the role group and confirm. If you accidentally created another role in a Role Group, you can simply click the trash icon beside the role.

![](/img/hyra-rolegroup3.png)

:::danger
Please note that you **cannot** edit/delete roles if they are added into a session. You first need to remove the role group to the session before doing any changes.

![](/img/hyra-sessionrole.png)
:::

Commit message:

Added alt-text to role groups.

guides/sessions/role-groups.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Role Groups
**Role Groups** are the foundation of attendance at sessions. They are available to be given to one staff member and are arranged into groups. For example, you might have a role group named 'Cashier A' with 1 trainer and 3 assistants beneath it.

## Creating a Role Group
To create a Role Group, you need to go to Settings > Sessions > Roles, and click "**Create a group**". Once clicked, it will ask you to give it a name.

![Creating a rolegroup](/img/hyra-rolegroup.png)

After giving it a name, you can now set how many roles does that group have? For example, let's say you need at least 2 spectators and 2 rankers in your Training Session, type "Spectator 1" and hit +.

![Giving a role a name](/img/hyra-rolegroup2.png)

Repeat the process until you've added all of the roles that you want.

:::note
Please note that only **one person** can join the role. That means if you have added 4 Trainers, there will only be 4 trainers in the session.

![Shows only one person can join a role](/img/hyra-rolegroupwarn.png)
:::

## Deleting a Role Group
Deleting a Role Group is pretty simple, just hit **Delete** in the role group and confirm. If you accidentally created another role in a Role Group, you can simply click the trash icon beside the role.

![Click delete to delete a rolegroup](/img/hyra-rolegroup3.png)

:::danger
Please note that you **cannot** edit/delete roles if they are added into a session. You first need to remove the role group to the session before doing any changes.

![Danger that you cannot edit/delete roles](/img/hyra-sessionrole.png)
:::
