guides/workspace-settings/labels.md, before:

# Labels
Labels are great for your team's administration to organize certain people. You can use them to label staff from their timezone, perks, or status.

## Creating Labels
To create a label, go to Settings > Labels and click "Add Label."
![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/6BgefBRmAMKj7GN?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-1.png&scalingup=0)

Once created, you can change it's color and name. 
![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/7RFyp3DKrDD8cYJ?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-2.png&scalingup=0)

## Deleting Labels
To delete a label, go to Settings > Labels and hover to the label that you want to delete and hit **X** to delete.
![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/7WfHzZ8J4PqKgjE?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-3.png&scalingup=0)

:::caution PERMISSION REQUIRED
To proceed, please note that you need the following permissions: **View Other Staff**
:::

## Adding Labels
To add a label, go to the Staff Profile and in Labels, click "Add Label"

![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/2i5YwY6L4Hq7736?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-4.png&scalingup=0)

Commit message:

Added option to create a label in staff profile.

guides/workspace-settings/labels.md, after:

# Labels
Labels are great for your team's administration to organize certain people. You can use them to label staff from their timezone, perks, or status.

## Creating Labels
To create a label, go to Settings > Labels and click "Add Label." You can also create a label in the Staff Profile by clicking "Addd".
![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/6BgefBRmAMKj7GN?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-1.png&scalingup=0)

Once created, you can change it's color and name. 
![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/7RFyp3DKrDD8cYJ?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-2.png&scalingup=0)

## Deleting Labels
To delete a label, go to Settings > Labels and hover to the label that you want to delete and hit **X** to delete.
![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/7WfHzZ8J4PqKgjE?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-3.png&scalingup=0)

:::caution PERMISSION REQUIRED
To proceed, please note that you need the following permissions: **View Other Staff**
:::

## Adding Labels
To add a label, go to the Staff Profile and in Labels, click "Add Label"

![](https://drive.hyra.io/apps/files_sharing/publicpreview/2i5YwY6L4Hq7736?x=1879&y=616&a=true&file=labels-4.png&scalingup=0)
