guides/staff-management/staff-profiles.md, before:

# Staff Profiles
The staff profiles on Hyra are how workspace admins can view information about each of their employees. This includes their personal details, activity, logs, and current assignments. Their purpose is to serve each group with the best possible staff management to quickly and effectively take charge.
## How do I view staff profiles?
To access this feature, head over to the staff icon on the left side of your screen. You will be sent to the dashboard. Here, you can click the top performing to access their profiles. To access everyone's profiles, you must first create a view (below "Dashboard").

![staff dashboard](/img/staff-dashboard.jpg)

Once you have created a view, hover over the expand button that is to the right of each user and click "Open". You will now be directed to the entire profile of that specific user.

![staff views](/img/open-view.png)

## Details Tab
On this page, you will have extended access to the details about your employees. You can add labels to your employees to differentiate between teams, such as SHRs, HRs, and MRs. To create a new label, go to your workspace settings and go to "Labels". You can quickly redirect yourself to their Roblox profile by clicking the button to the right of their bolded user.

![staff profile](/img/staff-profile.jpg)

## Activity Tab
On the next tab, **"Activity"**, you can view a user's minutes and in-game messages. The graph at the top compares the data of their activity so you can check their consistency or lack thereof. All of the minutes and messages can be viewed as the current week, the past week, the past month, or the past year. Below that will show the activity during the current rotation of requirements. As well, workspace admins can manually add and remove minutes to an employee.

![activity tab](/img/activity.jpg)

## Logbook Tab
On the "logbook" tab, workspace admins can see the previous actions taken against the user + any notes.

![logbook tab](/img/logbook.jpg)

## Assignments Tab
The assignments tab is one of the most important features of the staff profiles. The core of staff management is tracking whether your employees are meeting their weekly requirements. To create the assignments, go to your workspace settings and over to "Assignments".

![assignments tab](/img/assignments.jpg)

Commit message:

Updated the tab and renamed it to Directory Profile

guides/staff-management/staff-profiles.md, after:

# Staff Profiles
The staff profiles on Hyra are how workspace admins can view information about each of their employees. This includes their personal details, activity, logs, and current assignments. Their purpose is to serve each group with the best possible staff management to quickly and effectively take charge.
## How do I view staff profiles?
To access this feature, head over to the staff icon on the left side of your screen. You will be sent to the dashboard. Here, you can click the top performing to access their profiles. To access everyone's profiles, you must first create a view (below "Dashboard").

![staff dashboard](/img/staff-dashboard.jpg)

Once you have created a view, hover over the expand button that is to the right of each user and click "Open". You will now be directed to the entire profile of that specific user.

![staff views](/img/open-view.png)

## Directory Profile
On this page, you will have extended access to the details about your employees. From Discord Username and Tag, Department, Labels, and many more. You can quickly redirect yourself to their Roblox profile by clicking the button to the right of their bolded user. To learn more on how to edit a field in Directory Profile, click [here.](https://docs.hyra.io/guides/staff-management/directory-profile)

![staff profile](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015246364692717609/1028283765518245929/unknown.png)

## Activity Tab
On the next tab, **"Activity"**, you can view a user's minutes and in-game messages. The graph at the top compares the data of their activity so you can check their consistency or lack thereof. All of the minutes and messages can be viewed as the current week, the past week, the past month, or the past year. Below that will show the activity during the current rotation of requirements. As well, workspace admins can manually add and remove minutes to an employee.

![activity tab](/img/activity.jpg)

## Logbook Tab
On the "logbook" tab, workspace admins can see the previous actions taken against the user + any notes.

![logbook tab](/img/logbook.jpg)

## Assignments Tab
The assignments tab is one of the most important features of the staff profiles. The core of staff management is tracking whether your employees are meeting their weekly requirements. To create the assignments, go to your workspace settings and over to "Assignments".

![assignments tab](/img/assignments.jpg)
